README.md, before:

# Community Activator

## Overview

<code>Community Activator</code> is an online message board that enable community members to recognize and respond to community-specific needs for support, action, or education. Community activator will track names of events, the name of the community member or organization facilitating, goal(s) of event, time and date of event and the number of community members participating in the event. Users will be able to create event posts, view posts others are facilitating, and mark that they are participating in events.

## Features

Login page

Event post form

Render events 

Click to participate in event 

Community member registration

Poster can edit event

Poster can delete event

Add event location

Set attendee goals

Display attendee goal percentage met

## MVP

1. Event post form

2. Render events 

3. Click to participate in event 

## Stretch goals

4. Login page 

5. Community member registration

6. Set and display attendee goals

7. Edit event

8. Delete event

9. Add event location

10. Donate to events/event facilitators

Commit message:

add setup to readme.md

README.md, after:

# Community Activator

## Overview

<code>Community Activator</code> is an online message board that enable community members to recognize and respond to community-specific needs for support, action, or education. Community activator will track names of events, the name of the community member or organization facilitating, goal(s) of event, time and date of event and the number of community members participating in the event. Users will be able to create event posts, view posts others are facilitating, and mark that they are participating in events.

## Setup

1. To start the program, launch the index.html file in the web browser of your choice.

2. Initialize the json server by opening terminal and navigating to the folder containing the project files. 

3. While inside the project folder, type <code>json-server --watch db.json</code>

## Features

Login page

Event post form

Render events 

Click to participate in event 

Community member registration

Poster can edit event

Poster can delete event

Add event location

Set attendee goals

Display attendee goal percentage met

## MVP

1. Event post form

2. Render events 

3. Click to participate in event 

## Stretch goals

4. Login page 

5. Community member registration

6. Set and display attendee goals

7. Edit event

8. Delete event

9. Add event location

10. Donate to events/event facilitators
